575-user-profiles (#623)
NLeSC/python-template: README.md

# Netherlands eScience Center Python Template

> Are you writing research software? Save your time on setting up and configuring your new Python packages by using this template. This [Copier-based](https://copier.readthedocs.io) template includes best practices for research software from the beginning. You can choose from various user profiles, each offering a range of features to suit your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spend less time setting up and configuring your new Python packages by using this template. This [Copier](https://copier.readthedocs.io) template includes best practices for research software so your new package will include these practices from the start. 

You can choose from various user profiles, each offering a range of features to suit your needs.
```

> ## User profiles
> - **Minimum**
>   As the name suggests, this profile provides the bare essentials to get started with a Python package.This is a good place to start if this is your first time writing research software. You can always add more features later. 
> - **Recommended**
>   Building on the Minimum profile, this option includes a carefully selected set of features that we believe users will find useful. However, all features can be customized by the user.
> - **Let me choose**
>   This fully customizable profile allows you to select from a list of features to include in your package according to your preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User profiles

The template profiles for a Python package offer varying levels of customization to cater to different user needs. Below are the profiles the template offers.

### Minimum

This profile offers the essential features to begin developing a Python package, making it ideal for first-time research software developers. Additional features can be added as needed.

### Recommended

This option provides a pre-selected set of features for research software, which users can fully customize.

### Let me choose

This fully customizable profile enables you to selectively include or exclude features in your Python package.
```
